therese brown I'm from Melbourne inside
kilda yeah and what what competition are
you being involved in restaurant
services tell me some of your history
with that like how did you get involved
when how and why ok I started last year
and i went to Box Hill tape in Melbourne
and I did certificate for in hospitality
bars and restaurants and that's when I
got into waiting because I want to one
day getting to management so I started
to work in front of house just because I
like to get in there and interact with
people so I enjoyed that and then my
teacher who is my trainer at the moment
he taught me when I was doing
waitressing at the restaurant for
practice and he liked my style so he
asked me if I wanted a regional
competition in Melbourne so I did that
and then I got gold in regional so I'm
here at nationals so what's your major
ambition in your field well one day I
want to own my own restaurant and manage
it and like work on the floor as well
and also like kitchen so I might work in
the kitchen tour if I manage my own
place but if your pet so what do you
enjoy the most about doing what you do
interaction with people I think that's
the best of you know just seeing their
faces and like when they get food and
just tell thankful hour once they have a
good meal and have a good time my
restaurant and just getting to know
everyone so what are you what are you
preparing here today we're doing the
formal service today so that's where I
do most of my guru damn work so I've got
to do I've gotta do I did all my prep
and then I've got to serve for guests
and I've got to do some Garrett and
works I've got to make a champagne
cocktail and like a chair is your
believe which is done all it segura de
so it's been more of a formal day today
how important is world skills to your
career it's fairly important like it'll
be good for my resume and it's a good
experience especially for tween here I
get to go to London so they'd be good to
you overseas and work in different areas
and see how it's like over there so one
day I want to go over season working a
lot of different places before i get
into managing my own place so we get
Howard did you train for this experience
I just trained at TAFE every about every
Monday with my trainer and we just
practiced over things because we've got
an outline of roughly what we had to do
so I practice over some skills and
different cocktails and all that kind of
stuff and then it was really good what
are your expectations from this weekend
hopefully to win but if I don't like I'd
be good with any place I guess but a
gold wheels definitely what do you see
yourself in the near future hopefully
managing a restaurant very soon because
the place I work out toward market
Solano's in st. kilda they've offered me
to do management there next year or the
year after once I start working there
full-time and I can start hopefully
managing their new restaurant that
serves planning to open in Melbourne
City